1.    SQL

It’s no surprise SQL (pronounced ‘sequel’) tops the job list since it can be found far and wide in various flavors.
 Database technologies such as MySQL, PostgreSQL and Microsoft SQL Server power big businesses, small businesses, 
hospitals, banks, universities. Indeed, just about every computer and person with access to technology eventually
 touches something SQL. For instance, all Android phones and iPhones have access to a SQL database called SQLite 
and many mobile apps developed Google, Skype and DropBox use it directly.

2.    Java

The tech community recently celebrated the 20th anniversary of Java. It’s one of the most widely adopted programming 
languages, used by some 9 million developers and running on 7 billion devices worldwide. It’s also the programming language
 used to develop all native Android apps. Java’s popularity with developers is due to the fact that the language is grounded 
in readability and simplicity. Java has staying power since it has long-term compatibility, which makes sure older applications 
continue to work now into the future. It’s not going anywhere anytime soon and is used to power company websites like LinkedIn.com, 
Netflix.com and Amazon.com.

3.    JavaScript

JavaScript – not to be confused with Java – is another one of the world’s most popular and powerful programming languages, 
and is used to spice up web pages by making them interactive. For example, JavaScript can be used to add effects to web pages,
 display pop-up messages or to create games with basic functionality. It’s also worth noting that JavaScript is the scripting 
language of the World Wide Web and is built right into all major web browsers including Internet Explorer, FireFox and Safari.
 Almost every website incorporates some element of JavaScript to add to the user experience, adding to the demand for JavaScript
 developers. In recent years JavaScript has also gained use as the foundation of Node.js, a server technology that among other 
things enables real-time communication.  

4.    C#

Dating from 2000, C# (pronounced C-sharp) is a relatively new programming language designed by Microsoft for a wide range of enterprise
 applications that run on the .NET Framework. An evolution of C and  C++, the C# language is simple, modern, type safe and object oriented.

5.    C++

C++ (pronounced C-plus-plus) is a general purpose object-oriented programming language based on the earlier ‘C’ language. Developed
 by Bjarne Stroustrup at Bell Labs, C++ was first released in 1983. Stroustrup keeps an extensive list of applications written in C++.
 The list includes Adobe and Microsoft applications, MongoDB databases, large portions of Mac OS/X and is the best language to learn for
 performance-critical applications such as “twitch” game development or audio/video processing.